I don't particularly think there any riel skills that I needed. Um, entering
the navy. It was nice to have the Naval Academy is a kind of
indoctrination, too. The navy. He's kind of see where you're as a as
a midshipman. It's kind of a weird dichotomy in that you're coddled,
but then you're not, You know, your butt that you're yelled at you.
They wanna treat you with kid gloves and then you But then at the
same time, they're gonna kind of throw you into the fire. Says there's
that wasn't self on. Okay, thing to have happen. Um, but a lot of
what you learn about being in the Navy occurs while you're doing it.
I mean, if there was an example of on the job training being in the
military, is it? You could say that I wish I had learned to fly before
I was in the Navy. But anybody can see this year volume of people
that go through the aviation training pipeline shows that that is
not necessary. You don't have to major anything specific in order to
be an aviator. Same thing goes for being a surface warfare officer.
Now, if submarines might be somewhat different. But you know, there's
nothing specific that you have to do that will automatically determine
you have a better time in the Navy than another. Um, one thing
I will say. It's not specifically a skill. Uh, is that it really helps
if you are a reader, um, and a writer, for that matter. Uh, if
you're willing to sit down and read and that that that and you start
that early, then that automatically gives you different perspectives
again. You don't agree with the perspective, but it still gives you
a different perspective. And I think the more you see people read,
uh, the more effective they can be in how the on how they lead people,
because it also shows a willingness to learn. Now, as far as writing
is concerned, I learned to write at the Naval Academy pretty effectively,
and I wouldn't say that that I would be the type of writer
that would write any particular anything professionally at this particular
moment, still need work on it, but conveying of ideas, you're
always gonna have to answer to somebody, and a lot of times the way
you're gonna have to answer questions is via written communication,
being able to effectively, efficiently, cogently, concisely right
and those ideas is essential. So when he can't write just sounds sounds
like they have not been educated. Uh, appropriately, um, there's
a level of professionalism that comes with that that people don't
give enough weight to.